Proposal for the new website design and functionality (#18)
pspdev/pspdev.github.io: quickstart.md

---
title: Quickstart
layout: home
nav_order: 3
---

# Quickstart
{: .fs-10 .fw-700 .text-center }

## Installing the toolchain
{: .fs-8 .fw-700 }

> ### dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dependencies
```

    sceKernelSleepThreadCB();
    return 0;
}

int setup_callbacks(void) {
    int thid = sceKernelCreateThread("update_thread", callback_thread, 0x11, 0xFA0, 0, 0);
    if(thid >= 0)
        sceKernelStartThread(thid, 0, 0);
    return thid;
}

int main(void)  {
    // Use above functions to make exiting possible
    setup_callbacks();
    
    // Print Hello World! on a debug screen on a loop
    pspDebugScreenInit();
    while(1) {
        pspDebugScreenSetXY(0, 0);
        pspDebugScreenPrintf("Hello World!");
        sceDisplayWaitVblankStart();
    }

    return 0;
}
```

**CMakeLists.txt**

```cmake
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.0)

project(hello)

add_executable(${PROJECT_NAME} main.c)

target_link_libraries(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE
    pspdebug
    pspdisplay
    pspge
)

# Create an EBOOT.PBP file
create_pbp_file(
    TARGET ${PROJECT_NAME}
    ICON_PATH NULL
    BACKGROUND_PATH NULL
    PREVIEW_PATH NULL
    TITLE ${PROJECT_NAME}
)
```

Building can be done with:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
psp-cmake ..
make
```

This will result in an EBOOT.PBP file in the build directory. Put it in a directory in ms0:/PSP/GAME/ and the PSP can run it.

</details>

> More code samples can be found [here](basic_programs.html).

Reviewer: I would change it to something like this:
```suggestion
For more example take a look at the [Basic Programs](basic_programs.html) page.
```

Reviewer: Sorry about making a typo here

    sceKernelSleepThreadCB();
    return 0;
}

int setup_callbacks(void) {
    int thid = sceKernelCreateThread("update_thread", callback_thread, 0x11, 0xFA0, 0, 0);
    if(thid >= 0)
        sceKernelStartThread(thid, 0, 0);
    return thid;
}

int main(void)  {
    // Use above functions to make exiting possible
    setup_callbacks();
    
    // Print Hello World! on a debug screen on a loop
    pspDebugScreenInit();
    while(1) {
        pspDebugScreenSetXY(0, 0);
        pspDebugScreenPrintf("Hello World!");
        sceDisplayWaitVblankStart();
    }

    return 0;
}
```

**CMakeLists.txt**

```cmake
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.0)

project(hello)

add_executable(${PROJECT_NAME} main.c)

target_link_libraries(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE
    pspdebug
    pspdisplay
    pspge
)

# Create an EBOOT.PBP file
create_pbp_file(
    TARGET ${PROJECT_NAME}
    ICON_PATH NULL
    BACKGROUND_PATH NULL
    PREVIEW_PATH NULL
    TITLE ${PROJECT_NAME}
)
```

Building can be done with:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
psp-cmake ..
make
```

This will result in an EBOOT.PBP file in the build directory. Put it in a directory in ms0:/PSP/GAME/ and the PSP can run it.

</details>

> For more example take a look at the [Basic Programs](basic_programs.html) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of programs take a look at the [Basic Programs](basic_programs.html) page.
```
